# Python_Programming

The way of the program: The Python programming language, What is a program?, What is debugging?, Syntax errors, Runtime errors, Semantic errors, Experimental debugging. Variables, Expressions and Statements: Values and data types, Variables, Variable names and keywords, Conditional Statements, Evaluating expressions, Operators and operands, Type converter functions, Order of operations, Operations on strings, Input, Composition, The modulus operator. Iteration: Assignment, Updating variables, The for loop, The while statement, The Collatz 3n + 1 sequence, Tables, Nested Loops for Nested Data. Strings: Working with strings as single things, Working with the parts of a string, Length, Traversal and the for loop, Slices, String comparison, Strings are immutable, The in and not in operators, A find function, Looping and counting, Optional parameters, The built-in find method, The split method, Cleaning up your strings, The string format method.

Tuples: Tuples are used for grouping data, Tuple assignment, Tuples as return values, Composability of Data Structures. Lists: List values, Accessing elements, List length, List membership, List operations, List slices, Lists are mutable, List deletion, Objects and references, Aliasing, Cloning lists, Lists and for loops, List parameters, List methods, Pure functions and modifiers, Functions that produce lists, Strings and lists, list and range, Nested lists, Matrices. Dictionaries: Dictionary operations, dictionary methods, aliasing and copying. Functions: Functions with arguments and return values, Lambda Functions.

Modules:Random numbers, The time module, The math module, Creating your own modules, Namespaces, Scope and lookup rules, Attributes and the dot operator. Files: About files, Writing our first file, Reading a file line-at-a-time, Turning a file into a list of lines, Reading the whole file at once, Working with binary files, Directories, fetching something from the web. Algorithms: Linear search, Binary search, merging two sorted lists.

GUI: Creating Graphical User Interfaces, Using Module Tkinter, Building a Basic GUI, Models, Views, and Controllers, Customizing the Visual Style, Few More Widgets. Databases: Overview, Creating and Populating, Retrieving Data, Updating and Deleting, Using NULL for Missing Data, Using Joins to Combine Tables, Keys and Constraints, Advanced Features, Developing GUI Application
